[CARBONDATA-3772] Update index documents (#3708)
apache/carbondata: docs/index/index-management.md

# CarbonData Index Management

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Index Management](#index-management)
- [Automatic Refresh](#automatic-refresh)
- [Manual Refresh](#manual-refresh)
- [Index Catalog](#index-catalog)
- [Index Related Commands](#index-related-commands)
  - [Explain](#explain)
  - [Show Index](#show-index)

## Overview

Index can be created using following DDL

```
CREATE INDEX [IF NOT EXISTS] index_name
ON TABLE [db_name.]table_name (column_name, ...)
AS carbondata/bloomfilter/lucene
[WITH DEFERRED REFRESH]
[PROPERTIES ('key'='value')]
```

Currently, there are 3 Index implementations in CarbonData.

| Index Provider | Description                              | PROPERTIES                             | Management       |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ---------------- |

> | secondary-index  | secondary-index tables to hold blocklets as indexes and managed as child tables        | No PROPERTY is required                | Automatic           |

Reviewer: Can remove Properties column,  as now, index_columns will be provided in CREATE statement and not required to give in properties

    not, the operation is allowed, otherwise operation will be rejected by throwing exception.
3. Partition management command: `ALTER TABLE ADD/DROP PARTITION`.

> If user do want to perform above operations on the main table, user can first drop the index, perform the operation, and re-create the index again.

Reviewer: Change from `pre-aggregate table` to `index` in Line no.70

We do recommend you to use this management for index.

### Manual Refresh

When user creates a index specifying manual refresh semantic, the index is created with status *disabled* and query will NOT use this index until user can issue REFRESH INDEX command to build the index. For every REFRESH INDEX command, system will trigger a full rebuild of the index. After rebuild is done, system will change index status to *enabled*, so that it can be used in query rewrite.

For every new data loading, data update, delete, the related index will be made *disabled*,
which means that the following queries will not benefit from the index before it becomes *enabled* again.

If the main table is dropped by user, the related index will be dropped immediately.

**Note**:
+ If you are creating a index on external table, you need to do manual management of the index.
+ For index such as BloomFilter index, there is no need to do manual refresh.
 By default it is automatic refresh,
 which means its data will get refreshed immediately after the index is created or the main table is loaded.
 Manual refresh on this index will has no impact.

> ## Index Catalog

Reviewer: Please remove this section, as all indexes will be stored in carbontable itself in tableproperties

Currently, when user creates a index, system will store the index metadata in a configurable *system* folder in HDFS or S3.

In this *system* folder, it contains:

- IndexSchema file. It is a json file containing schema for one index. Ses IndexSchema class. If user creates 100 indexes (on different tables), there will be 100 files in *system* folder.
- IndexStatus file. Only one file, it is in json format, and each entry in the file represents for one index. Ses IndexStatusDetail class

There is a IndexCatalog interface to retrieve schema of all index, it can be used in optimizer to get the metadata of index.

## Index Related Commands

### Explain

How can user know whether index is used in the query?

User can set enable.query.statistics = true and use EXPLAIN command to know, it will print out something like

```text
== CarbonData Profiler ==
Hit mv Index: index1
Scan Table: default.index1_table
+- filter:
+- pruning by CG Index
+- all blocklets: 1
   skipped blocklets: 0
```

### Show Index

> There is a SHOW INDEXES command, when this is issued, system will read all index from *system* folder and print all information on screen. The current information includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a SHOW INDEXES command, when this is issued, system will read all index from the carbon table and print all information on screen. The current information includes:
```

> - IndexName

Reviewer: Please check and update show index information
